Create 2025-10-08-TAC.md (#103)
PQCA/TAC: meeting-minutes/2025/2025-10-08-TAC.md

---

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives

* [ ] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Chair]
* [ ] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA
* [ ] JP Lomas, QRL
* [ ] Michael Maximilien, IBM
* [ ] Nicklas Körtge, IBM Research Zurich

 ### Project Representatives
* [ ] Matthias Kannwischer, TSR

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance

### Member Companies
* [ ] Andreas Schade, IBM
* [ ] Joe Livingston, IBM 
* [ ] Prevek Sharma, University of Waterloo

### LF Staff 
* [ ] Christina Harter 
* [ ] Hart Montgomery 
* [ ] Min Yu
* [ ] Ry Jones

### Other Attendees
* [ ] Aditya Koranga, NgKore \[TAC Vice Chair\] 

---
# Meeting Agenda

> 1. ITEM #1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. TAC meeting this week will be a retrospective of the past ~6 months, using the following EasyRetro board: 
  - https://easyretro.io/publicboard/g41aqAX5GkayqoSwpsoZOghCM7w1/cb362417-28bd-4e38-8e07-7bdb9f84857d
  - We'll take some time to add cards for what went well and what could be improved
  - We'll then take some time to add votes onto the cards that people have added
  - We'll then call out any action items and create cards for those
```

> 2. ITEM #2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Follow up: we need one more approval on the proposed wording change for the lifecycle doc: https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/pull/99
```

3. ITEM #3

   * xxx

   * xxx

4. Project status updates

   * OQS

   * PQCP

   * Tooling WG / CBOMKit

7. Other business: 

---

# Discussion & Updates

### **Introduction of 1st Time Attendees**

---

### **Discussion Item 1**

---

### **Discussion Item 2**

---

### **Discussion Item 3**

---

### **Project Updates**

* **OQS**: 

* **PQCP**: **Matthias** 

* **Tooling WG / CBOMKit**: **Andreas** 

---

### **Other Business**

---

### **Next Steps / Action Items**

| Action Item                                                           | Owner     | Status / Due Date       |  

> |-----------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-------------------------|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-------------------------|  
| Create issues in project repos requesting health and maturity metrics | Brian | Still not done, slipping to next time |  
```

---
### **Blog Publication Process Improvements**
The team discussed streamlining the blog publication process, with Christina proposing to create a Google Doc for tracking changes and sharing permissions, which Brian suggested formalizing into a process document in the TAC repository. They agreed to establish clear timelines for content review and author feedback, with Hart emphasizing the need to avoid unnecessary voting on blog posts. Christina also proposed adding author information, including a headshot and bio, to blog posts, which Brian supported. 

The team also acknowledged the helpful support from PQCA, LF, and Ry in managing repositories and expressed satisfaction with the integration between PQCP and OQS.

---
### **Discord Strategy for LF Development**

> The group discussed various social media platforms for the LF, including LinkedIn, X, and Discord. Hart mentioned that Discord is widely used by younger developers and is more cost-effective than Slack for large projects. The team agreed to investigate ways to improve Discord usage, with Brian taking on the task of exploring other successful Discords like PQCP and LFDT Besu. Sandip expressed interest in joining Discord and was provided with the [invite link](https://discord.com/invite/xyVnwzfg5R) by Christina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group discussed various social media platforms for the LF, including LinkedIn, X, and Discord. Hart mentioned that Discord is widely used by younger developers and is more cost-effective than Slack for large projects. The team agreed to investigate ways to improve Discord usage, with Hart recommending to explore other successful Discords like PQCP and LFDT Besu. Sandip expressed interest in joining Discord and was provided with the [invite link](https://discord.com/invite/xyVnwzfg5R) by Christina.
```
Rephrasing slightly, as this was worded as if I was signing up for an action item on this.

---

### **Next Steps / Action Items**

| Action Item | Owner | Status / Due Date |
|--------------|--------|------------------|
| Create issues in project repos requesting health and maturity metrics | Brian | Still not done, slipping to next time | 
| Create a documented blog submission and review process | Christina | Before next meeting |
| Update blog submission form with preferred format instructions | Christina | Before next meeting |
| Add author information (headshot & bio) to blog submission requirements | Christina | Before next meeting |
| Team to send committee information they'd like to see on PQCA website to Christina | TAC | Before next meeting |

> | Investigate Discord usage and integration opportunities for PQCA | Brian | Before next meeting |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This was not a formal AI that I'm tracking
